#Introducing Nicole Jaz
##About Me 
Hello, 
My name is Nicole Barbara Andrea Jaz,     
and today I will be telling you a little bit about myself. I was born in Cambridge, Ontario but then moved when I was 3 because 
we _needed_ to live in a bigger house because my twin sisters were born. Now I live in Ottawa, Ontario right beside my elementary
school. Speaking of school, my middle school was actually the same school as my elementary school, which is called W.O.Mitchell
Elementary School. I have gone to that school since kindergarten so A.Y Jackson is the first _other_ school that I have ever been
to so it's quite a big change. Also I have no older siblings to ask questions to because, I am the eldest. I have a mom named 
Cynthia, a dad named Anthony, and twin sisters who are in grade 6 named Monica and Chantal. I have a lot of interests and hobbies
but to name a _few_, I like to play sports and stay active like doing acro, making pottery, doodling, being outdoors and camping.
I also enjoy playing the piano,and listening to music. Speaking of music I like to listen to the pop genre, I don’t have a favourite 
song or artist because my taste changes so frequently but here are my most recent favourite songs are, Cold by Maroon 5, Symphony 
by Clean Bandit, Ready for It, and Look What You Made Me Do by Taylor Swift. Just like my taste in music my favourite movie choices
change **all** the time so I don’t really have a favourite samething with actors except that i don’t watch many movies with the same 
actors so I do not have a favourite, but one movie that I do like is called Freaky Friday. Forme it would be impossible to have a
favourite food because I love eating a large variety all in one meal, so I will just say mostlyall foods, except the ones that i don’t
like of course. I used to do the paper route for newspapers but stopped because it became too much work. The reason I stopped was
because a few of my weaknesses, I have a lot of stress and anxiety in my life with multiple thingsbut a lot from school, so that why 
I stopped that job. I’m also really bad with time management, which doesn't help with my stress and anxiety. At least I’m very 
welcoming, approachable and have good leadership so I’m very fun to be around when you want to hangout with someone. My first 
language is english but when I started senior kindergarten I started french immersion so now I can speak englishand french. On week 
nights I usually spend them doing homework getting them ready for the next day of school hanging out with friendsand on a couple of 
nights, an activity or two such as piano or acro. On the weekends I do pretty much the same thing except I make pottery and hangout
with friends longer than in the week. My favourite clean joke is: I couldn't figure out why the baseball kept getting larger and larger,
Then it hit me. I want to be able to learn how to organize all my work for my classes on the differentprograms to help me now and in 
the future. I have not used software before or any computer stuff so i am very new to this, for exampleI don’t understand why we have
to put this in GitHub instead of just on google docs. I really like animals and wish I had one of my ownbut unfortunately I don't, 
this is a new class for me so I would appreciate if you didn't rush through everything because it's a bit easier for me to learn 
that way. Also I still need volunteer hours so if you ever need help or know someone who does you know who to ask.
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/bd/0f/be/bd0fbe975ceaa6706f43250c9fec65df--three-word-quotes-words-quotes.jpg
